MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT 

dated 

8TH FEBRUARY 2018 

by 

ELEVATE SERVICES, INC. 

Supplier 

and 

BAKER & MCKENZIE GLOBAL SERVICES LLC 

Customer 

 

 

Baker & McKenzie Global Services LLC, 300 East Randolph Street, Suite 4300, Chicago, IL 60601. 

 
 

www.bakermckenzie.com 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Table of contents 
1. 

Services ..................................................................................................................................... 1 

2. 
3. 
4. 

5. 
6. 
7. 

8. 
9. 
10. 

Supplier Personnel ................................................................................................................... 1 
Term and Termination ............................................................................................................ 3 
Compensation ........................................................................................................................... 3 

Confidentiality .......................................................................................................................... 4 
Publicity .................................................................................................................................... 5 
Change Orders ......................................................................................................................... 6 

Insurance .................................................................................................................................. 6 
Acceptance ................................................................................................................................ 5 
Proprietary Information ......................................................................................................... 7 

Indemnity and Liability ........................................................................................................... 7 
11. 
12.  Warranty .................................................................................................................................. 8 
 
13.  Miscellaneous…………………………………………………………………………….........9 
 

 
Exhibit A 
Security and Disaster Recovery Schedule……………………………………………………….....12 

 
Exhibit B 
Data Privacy and Data Security Terms…………………………………………………………..14

 

 

i 
 

 

Master Service Agreement 
This Master Service Agreement is dated 8th February 2018 (the "Effective Date") 

Between 
Elevate Services, Inc., organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, with headquarters located 
at 10250 Constellation Blvd., Suite 2815, Los Angeles, CA 90067 ("Supplier"); and 

Baker & McKenzie Global Services LLC, organized and existing under the laws of Illinois, with 
offices at 300 East Randolph Street, Suite 4300, Chicago, IL 60601 ("Customer"). 
Customer and Supplier will be referred to individually each as a "Party" and collectively as the 
"Parties". The Parties are entering into this Agreement for itself and for the benefit of its Affiliates for 
providing and receiving Services (as defined below) under this Agreement. The term "Customer 
Affiliates" means Baker & McKenzie International, any member firm of Baker & McKenzie 
International and any wholly or majority owned affiliated entities of either one of them. The term 
"Supplier Affiliates" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, 
or legal entity which controls, is controlled by, or are under common control with the Supplier. 

Specific business terms and requirements for Services will be set forth in one or more written 
statements of work, order form or any other associated documentation that references this Agreement, 
hereby collectively defined as a "Statement of Work" or "SOW"). This Master Service Agreement 
includes this Agreement and any SOW which references this Agreement, and shall be considered 
valid once signed by an authorized representative of both parties. Any Change Order to a SOW shall 
also be bound by the terms of this Agreement even if this Agreement is not expressly referenced in 
the Change Order. 
Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises, representations and covenants set forth 
herein, Customer and the Supplier agree to the following: 
1. 
1.1 

Services 
Supplier, as an independent Supplier, agrees to render services listed in any related Statement 
of Work executed by both Customer and Supplier. Services, as further described in this 
Agreement and each SOW, will be provided by Supplier as requested in writing by Customer 
("Services"). The Services will include all related services, functions or responsibilities not 
specifically described in this Agreement or an SOW, but that are inherent, necessary or a 
customary part of the Services, or that are required or reasonably necessary for the proper 
performance and the provision of the Services, excluding those tasks and other responsibilities 
identified as those of Customer in the applicable SOW and subject to the assumptions set 
forth in the SOW. 

2. 
2.1 

Supplier Personnel 
Supplier will assign sufficient numbers (in terms of head count and skill types) of Supplier 
Personnel (as defined below) to properly perform the Services in accordance with this 
Agreement and each SOW. Each of the Supplier Personnel will possess suitable competence, 
ability, education, training and other qualifications for the roles that Supplier assigns to them 
in providing the Services. Supplier covenants that each of the Supplier Personnel will undergo 
a background check (including a check of criminal record, work experience and education) 
prior to his or her assignment to perform any Services hereunder. 

2.2 

Independent contractor 

The relationship of Supplier and Supplier Personnel to Customer will be that of independent 
contractors. Neither this Agreement nor the performance of Services shall, or be deemed to, 

 

 

1 
 

2.3 

2.4 

2.5 

 

create a partnership, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship or any other 
similar legal relationship between the parties. All persons who are employees, contractors, 
representatives and agents of Supplier, its affiliates or any of its subcontractors who perform 
any Services under this Agreement (collectively, "Supplier Personnel") will be the 
employees or subcontractors of Supplier, as the case may be, and will be neither the 
employees nor agents of Customer or any other Customer Affiliate. Supplier will be 
responsible and therefore, as between Supplier and Customer, solely liable for all acts and 
omissions of Supplier Personnel in connection with the performance of this Agreement, 
including any failure of such individuals to comply with Supplier's obligations under this 
Agreement. 

Supplier will be solely responsible for all salaries and other compensation of the Supplier 
Personnel. Supplier will be solely responsible for making all deductions and withholdings 
from its employees' salaries and other compensation, and for the payment of all contributions, 
taxes and assessments and will comply with all other requirements of federal or state laws or 
regulations regarding conditions of employment including federal or state laws or regulations 
regarding minimum compensation, unemployment compensation, Social Security, worker's 
compensation insurance and payments, environmental regulation, occupational safety and 
health, overtime, hours of work and equal opportunities for employment. 

Supplier will cause the Supplier Personnel, while working at or visiting the premises of 
Customer or any Customer Affiliate, to comply with all the internal rules and regulations of 
the Customer or Customer Affiliates, including security procedures, and all applicable foreign, 
federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to the location where said employees 
are working or visiting. 

Supplier will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the turnover rate of Supplier 
Personnel with regard to each SOW and across all SOWs, and require the same of its 
subcontractors unless otherwise agreed in advance in writing, provided that nothing in or 
associated with such efforts will in any way limit, restrict or preclude any action deemed 
necessary by Supplier in its capacity as employer of its employees or require Supplier to take 
any particular action in respect of its employees. For the avoidance of doubt, the use of 
subcontractors is not permitted without advance written consent from the Customer except in 
the event Supplier subcontracts to Supplier Affiliate, provided the Supplier warrants that the 
Supplier Affiliate will comply with the relevant terms of this Agreement. Supplier will 
conduct background checks of all Supplier Personnel in advance of the commencement of 
Service and will confirm this in writing to Customer.  Once a Statement of Work has been 
executed and Service has commenced, Supplier may not change the personnel assigned to 
complete the Services in that Statement of Work for any reason, other than termination of 
assigned personnel, without the written consent of the Customer and such consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld. In the event of a change in personnel per the terms of this clause 2, 
Supplier shall provide such new personnel at no cost to Customer for a "Transition Period" 
equal to the lesser of twenty five percent of the total time of the engagement or 2 hours. 

2.6 

Customer has in place a Code of Business Conduct, which can be located by the following 
link: 

 

 

 

http://www.bakermckenzie.com/en/aboutus/code-of-business-conduct 

The Customer Code of Business Conduct sets out its legal, ethical and professional 
obligations and responsibilities on the Customer as well as detailing principles that guide all 
Customer personnel behaviour and decision-making. The Supplier agrees that it will read, 
become familiar with and, to the extent relevant, comply with the Customer Code of Business 
Conduct and adhere to the principles in the Customer Code of Business Conduct, in terms of 
Supplier behaviour. 

 

2 
 

 

3. 
3.1 

The Supplier will promptly notify the Customer if it cannot comply with or has otherwise 
violated the Customer Code of Business Conduct. 

Term and termination 
This Agreement shall take effect on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until 
terminated by either Party in accordance with the terms set forth herewith. The terms of each 
Statement of Work shall take effect on the last date of execution by the Parties and shall, 
unless otherwise provided in a SOW, remain in effect until the Services related to the 
Statement of Work have been completed per the Acceptance Terms detailed in clause 9. 
Either Party to this Agreement shall retain the right to terminate this Agreement or Statement 
of Work implemented hereunder without cause, upon 60 days advance written notice. This 
Agreement or a related Statement of Work may be terminated by either Party upon 30 days’ 
written notice in the event of a breach of this Agreement or any Statement of Work by 
Supplier, if the notified Party fails to cure such breach within the notice period. Either Party 
may terminate this Agreement immediately, if a voluntary arrangement is approved, a 
bankruptcy or administration order is made or an administrative receiver is appointed over 
any of the other Party's assets; an undertaking or a resolution or petition to wind up the other 
Party is passed or presented (other than for the purposes of amalgamation or reorganization); 
and/or any circumstances arise which entitle a court or a creditor to appoint  an administrative 
receiver or to present a winding-up petition or make a winding-up order in respect of the other 
Party. Termination of a Statement of Work will not constitute termination of this Agreement 
or any other active Statement of Work. 

3.2 

Effect of termination; survival 

Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement or an SOW, Customer will be liable 
only for payment of undisputed fees earned as a result of Services and Deliverables (as 
defined below) actually provided by Supplier and accepted by Customer (in accordance with 
Section 9.1 of this Agreement) prior to the date of termination, which fees will be calculated 
in accordance with the applicable SOW, along with taxes and expenses to the extent provided 
in the applicable SOW. In addition, the Customer shall also pay for any pre-approved 
expenses incurred by the Supplier in performance of its Services in connection with this 
Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement that contemplates performance or observance 
subsequent to any termination or expiration of this Agreement, including without limitation 
clauses 5, 8, 10, 11, 12 and 13 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement 
and continue in full force and effect. 

4. 
4.1 

Compensation 
Fees and expenses 

Supplier's rates and charges for all Services provided under this Agreement will not exceed 
the rates and charges specified on the Statement of Work. When agreed to in the applicable 
SOW, Customer will pay reasonable and actual pre-approved travel and other expenses 
incurred by Supplier to perform Services. Barring any unforeseen circumstances beyond 
Supplier's direct control, Supplier will minimize expenses where possible, and, unless 
otherwise agreed in a SOW, limit daily meal expenses to the equivalent of $60 (US) per day 
per person and keep total expenses lower than the equivalent of $2000 (US) per week per 
person. Supplier acknowledges that there will be no travel or meal expenses for Supplier's 
employees whose primary residence is in the same geographic area (within 50 miles) of 
Customer's office for Services performed at that office. Supplier will be responsible for all 
expenses not so approved by Customer or otherwise incurred in performing Supplier's 
obligations hereunder. 

 

 

 

3 
 

 

4.2 

Payment 

For all Services to be provided on a fixed-fee basis or paid for on the basis of Supplier's 
achievement of milestones set forth in an SOW, Supplier will invoice Customer in accordance 
with the payment schedule set forth in the applicable SOW. For all other Services, Supplier 
will invoice Customer monthly in arrears. Customer will pay any undisputed amounts within 
thirty (30) days after receipt of a detailed invoice from Supplier, along with any supporting 
documentation as may be requested by Customer, including, at a minimum, with respect to 
Services provided on a time and materials basis, a detailed description of the work performed, 
the individuals performing the work, the hours of time worked by each such individual, and 
the rates charged for each such individual. Unless previously agreed in writing by Customer, 
no invoice provided to Customer by Supplier will include any amounts other than amounts 
due for Services and Deliverables provided to and accepted by Customer before the date of 
such invoice and Customer-authorized expenses incurred in providing such Services and 
Deliverables.  

Timely invoicing 

Customer will have no obligation to pay any fees or expenses that Supplier fails to invoice to 
Customer within sixty (60) days following the end of the monthly billing cycle in which such 
fees and expenses were incurred or should have been billed. Within sixty (60) days of 
termination or expiration of this Agreement or an SOW for any reason, Supplier will submit 
to Customer a final itemized invoice for any unpaid fees and expenses theretofore accrued 
under this Agreement or the applicable SOW, as applicable, and Customer will pay such 
invoice, or the undisputed portion thereof, within the time period set forth in clause 4.2. 

4.3 

Taxes 

Supplier will (i) pay and be solely responsible for any and all taxes, including income, 
employment-related taxes or charges, incurred or due as a result of Supplier's performance 
hereunder (excluding United States sales or use tax on Supplier's professional fees, if any, 
which will be the responsibility of Customer, as well as taxes that may be imposed by taxing 
authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States (e.g., India, UK) where or from which 
Supplier will provide the Services), and (ii) be responsible for all obligations, reports and 
timely notifications relating to such matters. 

 
5. 
5.1 

Confidentiality 
The Parties acknowledge that in the course of performing their obligations under this 
Agreement, they may receive or otherwise become aware of Confidential Information, as 
defined below, relating to the other Party.  "Confidential Information" means non-public 
information that disclosing party ("Disclosing Party"), or any of its Affiliates, designates as 
being confidential or which, under the circumstances surrounding disclosure the receiving 
party ("Receiving Party") should know is treated as confidential by the Disclosing Party. 
Confidential Information includes, without limitation, non-public information relating to 
released or unreleased Disclosing Party software products, the marketing or promotion of any 
Disclosing Party product, Disclosing Party's business policies or practices, financial 
information, technical information, computer systems, infrastructure designs, data, analysis, 
compilations, studies or other documentation and information received from others that 
Disclosing Party is obligated to treat as confidential. Confidential Information disclosed to 
Receiving Party by any Disclosing Party, its related entities and/or agents is covered by this 
Agreement. Confidential Information shall not include any information that: (i) is or 
subsequently becomes publicly available without Receiving Party's breach of any obligation 
owed to Disclosing Party; (ii) became known to Receiving Party prior to Disclosing Party's 

 

 

4 
 

 

5.2 

5.3 

5.4 

5.5 

6. 

disclosure of such information to Receiving Party; (iii) became known to Receiving Party 
from a source other than Disclosing Party other than by the breach of an obligation of 
confidentiality owed to Disclosing Party; or (iv) is independently developed by Receiving 
Party without access to the Disclosing Party's information. 

Receiving Party shall not use or disclose any Confidential Information to third parties without 
the Disclosing Party's consent in writing, except as provided for by this Agreement or in 
accordance with judicial or other governmental order (provided Receiving Party shall give 
Disclosing Party reasonable notice prior to such disclosure and shall comply with any 
applicable protective order or equivalent). Receiving Party shall safeguard the Confidential 
Information. Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information only to Receiving Party's 
employees or consultants on a need-to-know basis, provided that Receiving Party ensures that 
such employees and/or consultants comply with the confidentiality obligations of this 
Agreement. Receiving Party may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any 
software disclosed to Receiving Party. 

Receiving Party shall notify Disclosing Party immediately upon discovery of any 
unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information or any other breach of this 
Agreement by Receiving Party, and will cooperate with Disclosing Party in every reasonable 
way to help Disclosing Party regain possession of the Confidential Information and prevent its 
further unauthorized use.  

Upon the request of the Disclosing Party, Receiving Party shall return all originals, copies, 
reproductions and summaries of Confidential Information at Disclosing Party's request, or at 
Disclosing Party's option, certify destruction of the same. If the Confidential Information is 
stored electronically, then Receiving Party shall, where possible, permanently erase all 
Confidential Information from its electronic source and communication systems and devices 
used by it. Disclosing Party reserves the right to request the Receiving Party to confirm in 
writing that it has complied with the obligations pursuant to this clause 5.4. 

Receiving Party acknowledges that monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for 
unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information and that Disclosing Party shall be entitled, 
without waiving any other rights or remedies, to such injunctive and other equitable relief 
(without bond and without the necessity of showing actual monetary damages) as may be 
deemed proper by a court. 

Publicity 
Neither Party will, without the other Party's prior written consent, use or permit the use of the 
names, service marks and/or trademarks of the other Party or any Affiliate of the other Party, 
or reveal the existence of this Agreement, any SOW or the terms thereof in any manner, 
including in any advertising, publicity release, customer list or sales presentation, except as 
required by law or for purposes of an audit by such Party's independent auditors. 

7. 
7.1 

Change Orders 
A Statement of Work Change Order may be initiated for any of the following reasons and is 
required for the Supplier to continue Services beyond any estimate provided in any SOW: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

The invalidation of any of the assumptions specified in the related Statement of Work. 

Failure of Customer to meet their Customer Responsibilities specified in the 
Statement of Work 

Changes in the description of work or Deliverables requested by Customer and agreed 
to by Supplier in the Statement of Work. 

 

 

5 
 

7.2 

8. 
8.1 

9. 
9.1 

 

(d) 

(e) 

Delays in performing the Services caused by factors outside of Supplier's direct 
control. 

The occurrence of any other event or the discovery of any other information that 
affects Supplier's ability to complete the Services as specified in the Statement of 
Work. 

Any other mutually agreeable reason. 

(f) 
The remedy to any of the above may include changes to: the composition of the personnel 
performing the Services, duration, delivery schedule, pricing, and scope of the Services and/or 
deliverables. All Change Orders shall be in writing and executed by both parties prior to the 
Services being performed. 

Insurance 
During the term of this Agreement Supplier shall, at its own expense, purchase and maintain 
Commercial General Liability insurance as will protect Supplier and Customer from any and 
all claims for damages due to bodily injury, personal injury, or property damage arising in 
connection with the Agreement hereunder. Supplier agrees to provide Customer with 
sufficient proof of General Liability insurance and Workers Compensation insurance upon 
reasonable written request by Customer. 

Acceptance 
Unless otherwise specified in an SOW, the following procedure shall be used for Acceptance 
of the Services. The final version of the Deliverables, as detailed in the SOW, will be 
presented to Customer for acceptance, for a period of five (5) business days following 
delivery (the "Acceptance Period"). During the Acceptance Period, Customer will review the 
Deliverables to ensure that such Deliverables substantially meet the criteria mutually 
documented in the SOW ("Acceptance Criteria"). If, within the Acceptance Period, 
Customer believes the Deliverables fail to meet the Acceptance Criteria, it will provide 
Supplier with a written deficiencies list which describes in detail how the Deliverables fail to 
meet the Acceptance Criteria. In the event the Customer fails to review the Deliverables 
within the Acceptance Period, the Deliverables will be deemed accepted. If a deficiencies list 
is presented, the Parties will mutually agree upon the Corrective Action required to cause the 
deliverables to meet the foregoing Acceptance Criteria. Supplier will resubmit the 
Deliverables for acceptance following such corrective action and Customer shall have an 
additional Acceptance Period to determine if the Acceptance Criteria has been met. Unless the 
deficiency is a direct result of Customer's actions or failure to act, the Corrective Action shall 
be completed at Supplier's expense. 

Proprietary information 

10. 
10.1  The term "Works" means ideas, inventions, discoveries, processes, methods, designs, know-
how, strategies, techniques, formulas, specifications, computer programs including software 
(in source and object code forms), firmware and related operating instructions and 
documentation, trademarks, service marks, and work products and works of authorship of all 
kinds, including notes, reports, memoranda, writings, plans, outlines, research, data, figures, 
descriptions, drawings, diagrams, charts, sketches, patterns, compilations, lists, surveys, 
interview guides and recordings (in each case, in any form or medium and whether or not 
patentable or reduced to practice). 

10.2  Customer will own exclusively all right, title and interest in all materials, including any 
results or work product, developed, in whole or in part, by or on behalf of Supplier in the 
performance of Services as specified in any applicable SOW, including all U.S. and foreign 

 

 

6 
 

 

copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights therein, including all partial or 
incomplete versions thereof (collectively, "Deliverables") 

10.3  Except as expressly specified below, Supplier will and hereby does, irrevocably, in perpetuity 
and without further consideration, assign to Customer (and its successors and assigns) all right, 
title and interest that Supplier has or may have in the future anywhere in the world in or to 
each of the Deliverables, including all U.S. and foreign patent, copyright and other intellectual 
property rights therein. In the case of Deliverables that are derivatives of any of supplier's 
works ("Supplier's Works"), right, title and ownership of the Deliverables extends exclusively 
to the modifications, additions, enhancements or other changes developed, in whole or in part, 
by or on behalf of Supplier in the Deliverables as specified under an applicable SOW and 
does not include the underlying Supplier Works. For avoidance of doubt, Supplier Works 
shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Supplier. Supplier retains all rights, 
copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights in such Supplier Works. Supplier may 
use, modify, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit Supplier Works for other clients. 

10.4  To the extent Supplier's Works are incorporated into the Deliverables, Supplier hereby grants 

to the Customer  a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, fully-paid up, royalty-free, non-
exclusive, non-transferable (except to the Customer's successors and assigns) right and license 
to use such Supplier Works for the internal business purposes of Customer solely in 
connection with such Deliverables. Such license shall be extended to all Customer Affiliates. 
Customer assumes all liability for Customer Affiliate's use of such Supplier Works. 

10.5  Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or limit either party's use of Works (i) previously 

known to it, (ii) independently developed by it, or (iii) which is or becomes publicly available 
through no breach of this Agreement. 

Indemnity and liability 

11. 
11.1  Either Party (“Indemnitor”) will indemnify and hold harmless the other Party and its Affiliates, 

and their respective partners, officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an 
"Indemnified Person") from and against any and all claims, demands, suits and other 
proceedings ("Claims"), and will pay as incurred all related liability, losses, damages, 
judgments, settlements, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) (collectively, 
"Losses") arising from or relating to any actual: (a) breach of any of its obligations under 
clause 5; (b) Willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Indemnitor. In addition to the 
above, Supplier shall hold Customer harmless against all Losses arising out of or in relation to 
infringement or misappropriation of any third party's trade secrets, proprietary information, 
trademark, copyright, patent rights or other property rights relating to or in connection with 
Supplier's performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any SOW, or the Services, 
Developed Works or other Deliverables or Supplier Works. Indemnitor will be given prompt 
notice of each Claim and each Indemnified Person will reasonably cooperate, at Supplier's 
expense, with such defence. The foregoing indemnity does not cover infringement Claims to 
the extent resulting from: (i) modifications to the Services, or other Deliverables that are made 
by Customer without Supplier's approval or awareness; or (ii) infringement caused by 
materials provided by Customer (in the form provided by Customer) for Supplier to provide 
the Services. No settlement or compromise that imposes any liability or obligation on any 
Indemnified Person will be made without the Indemnified Person’s prior written consent. 

11.1(a)  Remedies for IP Infringement. Without prejudice to Customer’s other rights and/or remedies    

under this Agreement, if a temporary or permanent injunction is obtained against Customer's 
use of any element of the Deliverables or software resulting from a Claim or if such becomes 
the subject of a Claim, Supplier shall, at Supplier’s option and Supplier’s expense, promptly: 
(i) procure for Customer the right to continue using the element of the Deliverables or 
software; or (ii) replace or modify such so that it becomes non-infringing while maintaining at 

 

 

7 
 

 

least the same level of functionality and performance, including compatibility.  If Supplier is 
unable to take either of the foregoing actions, Supplier shall promptly refund, on a pro-rata 
basis, to Customer any amounts paid to Supplier pursuant to this Agreement for the period 
during which such element of the Deliverables or software was not provided. 

11.2 

Indemnitor will indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Person from and against any 
and all Claims, and will pay as incurred all Losses arising from or relating to any personal 
injury (including death) and for damage, destruction or loss to or of any and all real or 
personal property, caused by the Indemnitor or Indemnitor personnel, except if and to the 
extent caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Person. 

11.3  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN CLAUSE11.5, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE 

LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS REVENUE, GOODWILL OR 
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS) HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, 
AND EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. 

11.4  Except as otherwise provided in clause 11.5, the total  liability of Supplier for claims arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement, regardless of the form of action or the theory of recovery 
(including without limitation negligence), will be limited to $1m per SOW. 

11.5  The exclusions and limitations set forth above in clause 11.3 and 11.4 will not apply  with 

respect to: (a) Losses arising out of either Party's fraud, willful misconduct, or gross 
negligence; (b) claims that are subject to indemnification under clause 11.1 or 11.2; (c) any 
breach of clause 5; (d) Losses arising out of damage or loss of real or personal property or 
personal injury (including death); and (e) Supplier's wrongful termination of this Agreement 
or any SOW. 

12.  Warranty 
12.1 

Supplier represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

Authority: (i) Supplier has full power to enter into this Agreement, to carry out its 
obligations under this Agreement and to grant the rights, licenses and sublicense 
granted in this Agreement; and (ii) Supplier's compliance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement will not violate any foreign, federal, state or local laws, 
regulations or ordinances or any third party agreements. 

Conformity: All Deliverables will be and remain in compliance with all of the 
requirements of this Agreement and the applicable SOW ("Compliance"). 

Quality: Supplier will perform all Services in a good, workmanlike, efficient, timely 
and professional manner using qualified personnel fully familiar with the underlying 
technology or business processes, in Compliance and in accordance with all 
applicable laws, regulations, orders and decrees. 

Infringement: Neither the Services nor the Deliverables will infringe or 
misappropriate any patent, trademark, trade name, service mark, copyright, trade 
secret or other intellectual property right of any third party. 

Unauthorized code: The Services and Deliverables will be free of any time bomb, 
viruses, trap doors, back doors or other code that destroys, erases, damages or 
otherwise disrupts the normal operation of the Deliverables or other programs, 
hardware or systems utilized by Customer and/or Customer Affiliates, or allows for 
unauthorized access to the Deliverables or other programs, hardware or systems 
utilized by Customer Affiliates. Except as expressly specified in the applicable SOW, 

 

 

8 
 

 

(f) 

(g) 

the Deliverables will be free of all materials commonly known as "open source" or 
"shareware" materials. 

No inducements: Supplier has not provided, and will not provide, to any Customer 
and/or Customer Affiliate personnel or contractor any gift, gratuity, service or other 
inducement or favor to influence or reward that personnel or contractor in connection 
with any SOW. 

Compliance with laws: Supplier is and will remain in compliance with all laws 
applicable to the provision, receipt and use of the Services and Deliverables, and will 
identify and procure all applicable permits, certificates, approvals and inspections 
required under all laws. If a charge of non-compliance by Supplier with any law 
occurs that impacts or is likely to impact Supplier's performance under this 
Agreement, Supplier will promptly notify Customer of such charge. Supplier will be 
fully responsible for all costs and expenses resulting from changes in laws applicable 
to the Services or the performance of Supplier's obligations under this Agreement or 
an applicable SOW and will notify Customer of such laws and changes in laws to the 
extent they relate to the provision, receipt or use of the Services or any Deliverable. 

12.2 

Supplier will and hereby does assign to Customer all warranties, representations and 
indemnities granted to Supplier in respect of the Services and Deliverables, and any other 
Works provided hereunder, and all remedies for breach of the foregoing, to the extent not 
prohibited by Supplier's agreements with third parties. 

12.3 

Supplier will conform to the Security and Disaster Recovery policies and practices as set forth 
in Exhibit A. 

12.4  To the extent that Supplier obtains access to, or receives information relating to, an identified 

or identifiable natural person, Supplier will conform to the Data Privacy and Data Security 
Terms as set forth in Exhibit B. 

12.5  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH ABOVE OR IN ANY SOW, CUSTOMER 
AND SUPPLIER MAKE NO OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AND 
DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR 
DEALING, TRADE USAGE OR OF UNINTERRUPTED OPERATION WITHOUT 
ERROR,  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE LIMITED WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS 
AGREEMENT ARE MADE FOR THE BENEFIT OF CUSTOMER ONLY AND NOT FOR 
THE BENEFIT OF ANY THIRD PARTY. 

13.  Miscellaneous 
13.1  Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing 

to the other party at the address listed below, or at such other address as shall be given by 
either party to the other in writing. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given when 
delivered personally or when sent via certified mail or courier: 

To Customer: 

Baker & McKenzie Global Services LLC 
300 East Randolph Street, Suite 4300 
Chicago, IL 60601 

Attn: Procurement Director 

To Supplier: 
Elevate Services, Inc. 
10250 Constellation Blvd., Suite 2815 
Los Angeles, CA 90067 

Attn: VP, General Counsel 

13.2  This Agreement and any related Statements of Work constitutes the entire Agreement 

between the parties related to this transaction and any course of prior dealings, promise or 

 

 

9 
 

 

conditions in connection therewith or usage of trade not incorporated herein shall not be 
binding upon either party. No waiver, assignment, subcontracting, amendment, or 
modifications of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding unless made in writing and 
signed by the parties hereto. 

13.3  This Agreement shall be governed, and the terms and conditions herein construed according 

to the laws of the State of New York. Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing, all 
judicial proceedings related to this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising therefrom 
shall be initiated in a court sitting in New York. 

13.4 

If the scope of any of the provisions of this Agreement is too broad in any respect whatsoever 
to permit enforcement to its full extent, then such provisions shall be enforced to the 
maximum extent permitted by law, and the parties hereto consent and agree that such scope 
may be judicially modified accordingly and that the whole of such provisions of this 
Agreement shall not thereby fall, but that the scope of such provisions shall be curtailed only 
to the extent necessary to conform to law. 

13.5  Headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not be deemed a 

part of this Agreement. 

13.6 

Failure of a Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall 
not constitute a waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement or any subsequent or 
continuing breach thereof or of the right of such party at any time thereafter to require exact 
and strict compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

EMPLOYEE SOLICITATION AND HIRING 

14. 
14.1  During the period of time stated below, each party and its affiliates / subsidiaries (“Restricted 

Party”) agree not to offer employment to or hire any employee of the other party and its 
Affiliates (“Current Employer”) who is or was associated with the sale, delivery or receipt of 
Services, or otherwise becomes known to the Restricted Party as a result of Services 
performed or contemplated hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Current 
Employer.  This restriction shall commence as of the Effective Date and end twelve (12) 
months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

14.2 

For purposes of this provision, the terms “employment” and “employee” shall include any 
form of employment, consulting, contract relationship, or other arrangement pursuant to 
which such individual performs or performed services for the Restricted Party or Current 
Employer. 

 
 

 

[Signature Page Follows]

 

10 
 

Execution 
In witness whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Master Service Agreement to be executed by 
their respective duly authorized representatives as of the date first above written. 

Baker & McKenzie Global Services LLC 

Supplier 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 
 

 

  By: 

 

Mr. Daniel Surowiec  

  Name: 

Daniel R. Coll 

Global CIO 

14 February 2018 

  Title: 

  Date: 

VP, General Counsel 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 
 

14 February 2018Exhibit A 

Security and Disaster Recovery Schedule 
1. 

Elevate Services, Inc ("Supplier") agrees to comply with the following information security 
policies: 

 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

(k) 

(l) 

Develop, maintain, and communicate an information security program designed to 
protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Customer information assets. 

Ensure that appropriate security controls are applied to Customer's information assets. 

Implement Human Resource controls that minimize the risk of theft, fraud, or misuse 
of Customer information assets. Require annual information security awareness 
training for employees whose job role may affect Customer information assets. 

Ensure that all facilities providing contracted services possess adequate controls to 
protect against unauthorized physical access, and that facility design includes 
protection against fire, flood, earthquakes and other natural or man-made disasters. 

Establish standards and procedures for the provisioning, management, backup, and 
retirement of Supplier systems involved with storing, transmitting, or processing 
Customer information assets. 

Implement sufficient monitoring controls to ensure system, security, and operational 
incidents are detected in a timely manner. Establish formal incident response and 
investigation procedures that include timely notification to Customer as required by 
Item 4. 

Protect Customer information assets as appropriate based upon the sensitivity or 
formal classification. 

Provide access to Customer information assets in a manner consistent with the 
concept of Least Privilege and based upon business requirement and need-to-know. 

Maintain rigorous internal and external network security controls to protect Customer 
information assets from data transmission risks. 

Hold any third parties with access to Customer information assets to the same policies 
and standards as those detailed in this document. 

Develop configuration, change, and release management practices to ensure the 
environment in which Customer information assets reside is properly governed, 
administered, and remains compliant over time. 

Design business continuity and disaster recovery practices commensurate with the 
risk to Customer information assets and in compliance with any particular quantified 
SLA detailed in #5. 

(m) 

Comply with all legal obligations relevant to the provisioning of services for 
Customer information assets. 

(n)  Maintain a comprehensive information security management program which protects 

Customer information assets relative to their sensitivity and classification. 

(o) 

Implement event, incident, and problem management processes and controls designed 
to identify, respond to, and remediate information technology issues within systems 
engaged in servicing Customer. 

 

 

12 
 

 

(p) 

Ensure that each Supplier employee or third party complies with relevant legal, 
regulatory, and professional/ethical obligations in regard to the collection, processing, 
and protection of personally identifiable information. 

(q)  Maintain an internal audit function that measures Supplier compliance with internal 

policies, standards, and procedures, including compliance with contractual 
agreements. 

2. 

Supplier grants to Customer the right to periodically audit the Supplier to ensure compliance 
with these Security and Disaster Recovery Practices. 

(a) 

(b) 

Customer may perform non-intrusive network audits (basic port scans, etc.) randomly 
and without prior notice to Supplier. 

Upon at least seventy-two (72) hours' notice, Supplier will provide Customer access 
to perform more intrusive network, application, and physical audits which may be 
conducted on the Supplier's premises. 

As reasonably requested by Customer, Service Provider will provide documentation of the 
security posture of the Service(s).  Such documentation shall include, but not be limited to, 
SAS 70 Type II and SSAE 16 audit reports (or the successors thereto), 
ISO/PCI/HIPPA/HITECH certifications, and network diagrams.  For hosted software services, 
documentation will include logical and physical architecture diagrams for hosted software, 
data flow diagrams, third party application security audit reports, and documentation of secure 
coding practices/standards. 

Supplier agrees to provide Customer with copies of Supplier's breach notification policy, and 
incident response plan. In the event of data breach, the Supplier is required to notify Customer 
within 4hrs by emailing global.helpdesk@bakermckenzie.com or calling one of the following 
numbers: 

(a) 
(b) 

U.S. Toll Free: +1 877-861-9800 

North and South America: +1 312-861-1366 

Europe: +44 20-7919-5400 

Asia-Pacific: +63-2-8194778 

(c) 
(d) 
Supplier agrees to provide Customer with copies of Supplier's disaster recovery/business 
continuity plan. If a Supplier is considered to be critical to the business continuity of 
Customer, Customer may require that the Supplier engage in integrated disaster 
recovery/continuity testing. 

If shared technology infrastructure is used in the provision of Services to Customer, the 
Supplier will certify Customer's data is protected/isolated from that of other customers of the 
Supplier. 

The Supplier agrees that any and all copies of information stored, transported or otherwise 
processed by the Supplier on behalf of Customer, its business partners, vendors, or clients, 
including any archival or backup copies will be returned to Customer and/or destroyed in a 
secure manner upon request or termination of the relationship with Customer. 

 

13 
 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

 
 
 
 

 

Exhibit B 
Data Privacy and Data Security Terms  

 

 

1.  DATA  PRIVACY  AND  DATA  SECURITY.   Supplier  shall  comply  with  the  following 

requirements: 
 
1.1  To  the  extent  that  Supplier  obtains  access  to  or  receives  information  relating  to  an 
identified  or  identifiable  natural  person  (“Personal  Data”)  from  Customer  or  its 
Affiliates (as defined in the MSA to which this Exhibit B relates) in connection with 
this Agreement, Supplier agrees that it is acting a data processor (or equivalent term 
under applicable law) and as such, will only collect, record, store, and use (collectively, 
“Process,”  “Processed,”  or  “Processing”)  Personal  Data  only  for  the  purpose  of 
fulfilling  its  obligations  under  this  Agreement,  at  the  direction  of  and  in  accordance 
with the instructions of Customer, and in accordance with all applicable data privacy 
and data security laws.  

1.2  Supplier will obtain the prior written approval of Customer to disclose Personal Data to 
any third party or otherwise allow any third party to access Personal Data; and, in such 
an event, it shall: (i) enter into a written agreement with the third party that imposes 
substantially  the  same  privacy  and  security  requirements  on  any  such  third  party  to 
which Supplier is subject under this Exhibit; (ii) remain responsible for any such third 
party’s actions with respect to Personal Data; and (iii) provide to Customer, at least 60 
days before disclosing or allowing access to any such Personal Data, a list detailing the 
name  and  address  of  all  such  third  parties  to  which  it  discloses  or  allows  access  to 
Personal  Data,  including  the  locations  of  such  third  party’s  servers  hosting  or 
Processing Personal Data, in order to allow Customer to evaluate whether supplemental 
data processing agreements or other controls are needed to protect Personal Data and/or 
to decide whether to decline approval for subcontracting to any such third parties. 

1.3  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Exhibit, Supplier must promptly notify 
Customer  of  any  request,  complaint,  claim,  or  other  communication  from  any 
governmental  authority,  or  other  third  party  for  Personal  Data  (a  “Data  Request”) 
received  by  it;  only  disclose  any  Personal  Data  in  response  to  such  Data  Request  if 
required to comply with applicable law, and only after providing  prior written notice to 
Customer (unless such notice is prohibited by applicable law) to permit them to contest 
the Data Request. 
 

1.4  Supplier  will  cooperate  with  and  assist  Customer  in  responding  to  any  inquiries  or 

requests from any relevant regulatory agencies regarding Personal Data. 
 

1.5  Supplier will submit its data processing facilities, data files, and documentation needed 
for Processing Personal Data to auditing and/or review by Customer or any independent 
auditor  or inspection  entity  reasonably  selected by  Customer to ascertain  compliance 
with  this  Exhibit  upon  the  request  of  Customer,  with  reasonable  notice  and  during 
normal business hours.  Supplier will cooperate as directed by Customer in any audits 
conducted  by  or  on  behalf  of  Customer,  Customer’s  affiliates  or  subsidiaries,  and/or 
any  other  governmental  authorities  with  respect  to  the  Processing  of  Personal  Data. 
Notwithstanding any time-to-cure provision in this Agreement, Customer has discretion 
to require Supplier take proper steps to immediately address any security-related control 
weaknesses identified as a result of such audit.  If Supplier fails to promptly correct any 
security-related control weaknesses identified as the result of the audit, Customer may 
instruct  Supplier  to  take  interim  and/or  permanent  measures  necessary  to  protect 
Personal Data.  

 

 

 

 

 

14 
 

 

1.6  With  respect  to  Personal  Data  transferred  to  or  received  by  Supplier  under  this 
Agreement,  Supplier  has  implemented,  and  will  maintain,  a  comprehensive  written 
information  security  program  (“Information  Security  Program”)  that  includes 
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, security, 
integrity, and availability of Personal Data, and to protect against unauthorized access, 
use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of Personal Data. In particular, the Information 
Security Program shall include, but not be limited to, the following safeguards where 
appropriate or necessary to ensure the protection of Personal Data: 
 

1.6.1  Access Controls – policies, procedures, and physical and technical controls: (i) to 
limit  physical  access  to  its  information  systems  and  the  facility  or  facilities  in 
which  they  are  housed  to  properly  authorized  persons;  (ii)  to  ensure  that  all 
members of its workforce who require access to Personal Data have appropriately 
controlled  access,  and  to  prevent  those  workforce  members  and  others  who 
should  not  have  access  from  obtaining  access;  (iii)  to  authenticate  and  permit 
access  only  to  authorized individuals  and to  prevent  members  of its  workforce 
from  providing  Personal  Data  or  information  relating  thereto  to  unauthorized 
individuals; and (iv) to encrypt and decrypt Personal Data where appropriate. 

1.6.2  Security Awareness and Training – a security awareness and training program for 
all  members  of  Supplier’s  workforce  (including  management),  which  includes 
training on how to implement and comply with its Information Security Program.  
1.6.3  Security Incident Procedures – policies and procedures to detect, respond to, and 
otherwise address Security Incidents (as defined below), including procedures to 
monitor systems and to detect actual and attempted attacks on or intrusions into 
Personal Data or information systems relating thereto, and procedures to identify 
and respond to suspected or known Security Incidents, mitigate harmful effects of 
Security Incidents, and document Security Incidents and their outcomes.  

1.6.4  Contingency Planning – policies and procedures for responding to an emergency 
or  other  occurrence  (for  example,  fire,  vandalism,  system  failure,  and  natural 
disaster)  that  damages  Personal  Data  or  systems  that  contain  Personal  Data, 
including a data backup plan and a disaster recovery plan. 

1.6.5  Device and Media Controls – policies and procedures that govern the receipt and 
removal of hardware and electronic media that contain Personal Data into and out 
of a Supplier facility, and the movement of these items within a Supplier facility, 
including  policies  and  procedures  to  address  the  final  disposition  of  Personal 
Data,  and/or  the  hardware  or  electronic  media  on  which  it  is  stored,  and 
procedures for removal of Personal Data from electronic media before the media 
are  made  available  for  re-use.    Supplier  shall  ensure  that  no  Personal  Data  is 
downloaded or otherwise stored on laptops or other portable devices.   

1.6.6  Audit controls – hardware, software, and/or procedural mechanisms that record 
and  examine  activity  in  information  systems  that  contain  or  use  electronic 
information,  including  appropriate  logs  and  reports  concerning  these  security 
requirements and compliance therewith. 

1.6.7  Data Integrity – policies and procedures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, 
and  availability  of  Personal  Data  and  protect  it  from  disclosure,  improper 
alteration, or destruction. 

1.6.8  Storage and Transmission Security – technical security measures to guard against 
unauthorized access to Personal Data that is being transmitted over an electronic 
communications  network,  including  a  mechanism  to  encrypt  Personal  Data  in 
electronic form while in transit and in storage on networks or systems to which 
unauthorized individuals may have access. 

1.6.9  Assigned  Security  Responsibility  –  Supplier  shall  designate  a  security  official 
responsible  for  the  development,  implementation,  and  maintenance  of  its 
Information Security Program.  Supplier shall inform Customer as to the person 
responsible for security. 

 

 

15 
 

 

1.6.10  Storage Media - policies and procedures to ensure that prior to any storage media 
containing Personal Data being assigned, allocated, or reallocated to another user, 
or  prior  to  such  storage  media  being  permanently  removed  from  a  facility, 
Supplier  will  irreversibly  delete  such  Personal  Data  from  both  a  physical  and 
logical perspective, such that the media contains no residual Personal Data, or if 
necessary,  physically  destroy  such  storage  media  such  that  it  is  impossible  to 
recover any portion of Personal Data on the media that was destroyed. Supplier 
shall  maintain an  auditable  program  implementing  the  disposal  and  destruction 
requirements set forth in this paragraph for all storage media containing Personal 
Data. 

1.6.11  Testing – Supplier shall regularly test the key controls, systems and procedures of 
its  Information  Security  Program  to  ensure  that they are  properly  implemented 
and  effective  in  addressing  the  threats  and  risks  identified.  Tests  should  be 
conducted or reviewed by independent third parties or staff independent of those 
that develop or maintain the security programs. 

1.6.12  Adjust the Program – Supplier shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust, as appropriate, 
the Information Security Program in light of any relevant changes in technology 
or  industry  security  standards,  the  sensitivity  of  Personal  Data,  internal  or 
external  threats  to  Supplier  or  Personal  Data,  and  Supplier’s  own  changing 
business  arrangements,  such  as  mergers  and  acquisitions,  alliances  and  joint 
ventures, outsourcing arrangements, and changes to information systems. 
 

1.7  Supplier shall notify Customer immediately in writing in the event that: (i) any Personal 
Data  is  used,  disclosed,  or  otherwise  Processed  by  Supplier  or  any  third  parties  in 
violation of this Exhibit, or applicable laws relating to data privacy or data security; (ii) 
Supplier or any third party should know, knows, discovers, is notified of, or suspects 
that unauthorized access, acquisition, disclosure, or use of Personal Data has occurred, 
may have occurred, or could occur; or (iii) there have been any complaints about the 
Supplier's or any third party's information collection practices as they relate to Personal 
Data (collectively, “Security Incident”).  Supplier shall cooperate and require any third 
parties  with  access  to  Personal  Data  under  this  Agreement  to  cooperate  fully  in  the 
investigation of the Security Incident, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this  Agreement,  indemnify  and reimburse  Customer for any  and all  damages,  losses, 
fees, or costs (whether direct, indirect, special, or consequential) incurred as a result of 
such Security Incident, and remedy any harm or potential harm caused by such Security 
Incident.  To the extent that a Security Incident gives rise to a need, in Customer’s sole 
judgment to: (i) provide notification to public authorities, individuals, or other persons; 
or (ii) undertake other remedial measures (including, without limitation, addressing data 
security-related  control  weaknesses,  notice,  credit  monitoring  services,  and  the 
establishment  of  a  call  center  to  respond  to  inquiries  (each  of  the  foregoing  a 
“Remedial  Action”),  at  Customer’s  request,  Supplier  shall,  at  Supplier’s  cost, 
undertake such Remedial Actions.  The timing, content, and manner of effectuating any 
notices shall be determined by Customer in its sole discretion.  

 

 

1.8  To the extent Supplier has access to, stores, processes, or transmits credit or debit card 
information,  Supplier  agrees  to  provide  the  evidence  of  compliance  with  PCI  DSS 
based on the Supplier’s Merchant Level and/or Supplier status: (i) on the date hereof; 
(ii) annually thereafter during the term of this Agreement, and (iii) upon request from 
Customer. 

1.9  Subject to any legal requirement to retain Personal Data, in which case such Personal 
Data will be maintained confidentially, all Personal Data must be: (i) securely returned; 
and/or (ii) properly and immediately disposed of in a secure manner that is reasonably 
designed to render the Personal Data permanently unreadable and not reconstructable 

 

 

16 
 

into a usable format. Any such return and/or disposal shall occur at such time that any 
such Personal Data is no longer reasonably required to perform the services hereunder, 
but in any event, no later than upon completion of the relevant services or upon written 
request of Customer. Upon request, Supplier will certify that all such Personal Data has 
been returned and/or disposed of in accordance with this Exhibit.  

 

1.10  Supplier shall, upon Customer’s request, promptly execute, and cause any third party to 
which  it  discloses  Personal  Data  or  allows  access  to  Personal  Data  to  execute, 
supplemental  data  processing  agreement(s)  with  Customer  or  any  of  its  affiliates  or 
subsidiaries,  or  take  other  appropriate  steps  to  address  cross-border  transfer  or  other 
data  privacy  and  data  security  requirements,  if  Customer  concludes,  in  its  sole, 
reasonable judgment, that such steps are necessary to address applicable data privacy or 
data  security  laws  concerning  Personal  Data.  Such  supplemental  data  processing 
agreement(s) may include, without limitation, the Standard Contractual Clauses for the 
Transfer  of  Personal  Data  to  Processors  established  in  Third  Countries,  dated  5 
February  2010  (2010/87/EU)  or  similar  terms,  as  well  as  other  data  privacy  or  data 
security  terms.    If  Supplier  has  a  current  Privacy  Shield  certification  with  the  U.S. 
Department  of  Commerce,  Supplier  represents  and  warrants  that  its  Privacy  Shield 
certification covers the Personal Data that Supplier receives or accesses in the United 
States, and that it will maintain its Privacy Shield certification during the term of this 
Agreement.  Supplier  shall  provide  written  notification  at  least  90  days  in  advance 
before it withdraws from or otherwise no longer maintains a current certification to the 
Privacy  Shield,  at  which  time  Customer  may  require  Supplier  to  adopt  additional 
protections for Personal Data.   

1.11  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Customer may terminate 
this Agreement immediately, without judicial notice or resolution and without prejudice 
to any other remedies, in the event that: (i) compliance by the Supplier would put it in 
breach of its legal obligations; (ii) the Supplier is in material breach of any obligations 
under this Exhibit; (iii) a governmental authority, tribunal, or court in the countries in 
which  Customer  or  its  affiliates  or  subsidiaries  operates  finds  that  there  has  been  a 
breach of any relevant laws in that jurisdiction by virtue of the Supplier’s or Customer’s 
Processing of Personal Data; or (iv) if either party makes an assignment for the benefit 
of creditors, becomes subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, is subject to the appointment 
of a receiver, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due. 

 

 

*** 

 

17 
 

 

 
 

 

 


**************************************************************************************************
